README.md, before:

# Mixed Traffic Control and Coordination from Pixels

This code base originally comes from Dr. Cathy Wu's Flow paper:
C. Wu, A. Kreidieh, K. Parvate, E. Vinitsky, A. Bayen, "Flow: Architecture and Benchmarking for Reinforcement Learning in Traffic Control," CoRR, vol. abs/1710.05465, 2017. [Online]. Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.05465

Please cite the original Flow paper if citing this work.

## Installation

Instructions for installing and setting up everything for this repo are located [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Niz2ysr3W74fNFhhazhC540pEqdYxzkTznYa0d7TiiU/edit?usp=sharing)

## Training

Example commands for training each of the five environments from the paper are provided in run.sh

## Evaluation

Example commands for evaluating a trained policy are provided in eval.sh. More details for evaluating a trained policy are provided for in the instructions.

## Citing

Please cite this work using the following bibtex:
```
@article{villarreal2023mixed,
  title={Mixed Traffic Control and Coordination from Pixels},
  author={Villarreal, Michael and Poudel, Bibek and Pan, Jia and Li, Weizi},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2302.09167},
  year={2023}
}
```

Commit message:

Added training command to README

README.md, after:

# Mixed Traffic Control and Coordination from Pixels

This code base originally comes from Dr. Cathy Wu's Flow paper:

C. Wu, A. Kreidieh, K. Parvate, E. Vinitsky, A. Bayen, "Flow: Architecture and Benchmarking for Reinforcement Learning in Traffic Control," CoRR, vol. abs/1710.05465, 2017. [Online]. Available: https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.05465

Please cite the original Flow paper if citing this work.

## Installation

Instructions for installing and setting up everything for this repo are located [here.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Niz2ysr3W74fNFhhazhC540pEqdYxzkTznYa0d7TiiU/edit?usp=sharing)

## Training

Example commands for training each of the five environments from the paper are provided in run.sh. An example command for training on the ring environment is the following:

```
python configs/train.py ring
```

## Evaluation

Example commands for evaluating a trained policy are provided in eval.sh. More details for evaluating a trained policy are provided for in the instructions.

## Citing

Please cite this work using the following bibtex:
```
@article{villarreal2023mixed,
  title={Mixed Traffic Control and Coordination from Pixels},
  author={Villarreal, Michael and Poudel, Bibek and Pan, Jia and Li, Weizi},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2302.09167},
  year={2023}
}
```
